First steps
What we are going to try
to correct is this leg line,
which is the separator line,
It must accompany the
entire shape of the leg.
We are going to have to adjust that
line because we made a very big change.
We are adding intermediate tables.
I think we can exaggerate the
movement of the arms a little more
To make it more remarkable.
There is pretty good.
So we are going to continue with this
pose and what we are going to do is,
since we made a new pose for
this drawing as a transition,
We will do the same for this pose.
We will try to
leave this pose as final
and we will try to
work on the transition.
We almost see the same
process to sort the layers,
trying to maintain the same
criteria of names and color.
We put the floor in a
guideline to have reference
and we continue with the same process.
In this case, as I
calculate that practically
all layers are going to be animated,
I'm going to look for all layers of Path
of all layers and I will mark
a first keyframe for everyone.
It is a way to save the initial
pose, which in our case will be final,
to be able to animate and
keep that pose without modifying.
Now we are going to make the
character feel like he is falling to the floor
and with some rebound.
As the legs and arms are going
to be supported on the floor,
I don't want them to
be linked to the torso,
so I can move the torso
independently of the arms.
I duplicate all the
frames to keep thinking
at the time of rebound.
When we find rare
movements in position animations,
Many times it is because there are
Bézier curves in the positional movement,
especially when we have the
position without separating dimensions.
In this case, since I don't know if
I'm going to move my torso to my sides,
I'm going to leave the united position
but I'm going to make
my keyframe interpolation
in spatial mode be linear.
I will carry all these
keyframes at the beginning.
Now that we have a basic
animation, let's see how it is moving.
It's pretty good but
there's still a lot left.
I think, above all, this
has to be very fast at first.
Maybe at this moment when it goes
down, we should exaggerate a little more
the vertical movement, thus
connecting the two poses better.
In this case, when we see that
the comp is trimming the content,
if we know that we
have all vector inside,
we can apply the star and we know
that everything will be represented
as if it were within this comp.
So there the limits don't matter.
We could also extend
the comp as we did before
But, in this case, this
solution is simpler and works for now.
I'll go down a little more, to the
point where I almost touched the floor.
I'm going to take this
character a little further to the left
so that the feet
match a little better.
There you can see
everything more connected.
This helps us to see that
it is not always necessary
make complete transitions,
as I spoke at the beginning of the
course with the theme of "timing",
but simply to make
transitions between poses,
and it's basically giving it a very
fast acceleration, only we don't see it.
This is more or less
good, now I'm noticing
that the rope is disappearing, then
I'm going to look for that composition,
I am going to duplicate it and I am
going to make one that is Solo_came.
Then I delete
everything, except the rope,
and we have a
composition with the animated rope.
Then we can...
put that composition inside it.
We put Guide and
remove the original rope.
We only add that layer so
that it exists as a reference
but, really, it is
not important to add it.
The good thing about now is that
we have the rope in a separate layer
and we can extend it to the end.
Now we need to improve
this animation a bit,
adding details on the
hair, hands and other things.
I will also see if I take the
opportunity to give a little drag to the hair
when the character is falling
When the object has
a downward movement,
the drag is done simulating
that the object is going up,
then compensates with the
direction in which it moves
and seems to have some resistance.
Now the hair comes from the right,
Then you have to pretend
that this movement continues.
The movement is just an illusion
that is given by a sequence of images,
That is basically what we are doing.
We will do the same with the bag.
With every little detail,
we always add some animation.
In this case the bag
works like an appendix,
It is like something that is
added to the main object that moves.
So that's why it has a
small delay in movements.
Here I am encountering the problem
that the nodes, having a
straight line formation,
when we want to make
curved or rotating movements,
our object changes scale,
so we have to correct that.
We are correcting details as we can.
We are going to give the torso a bit
of rotation and this is going to do
that all objects that are
depending on him, such as the head,
They are also affected.
Ideally I would have put the
torso anchor at a more logical point,
like at the waist, but it
shouldn't be too much trouble either
if we adjust the
position, along with the rotation.
With all these movements, we
give it a little more naturalness.
Then it's a matter of
adjusting when we see problems,
for example, here.
We are adjusting the pose
of the hand, in this case,
and how I want only the
hand, and not the whole arm,
continue with that pose up to that
point, sometimes what I do is select
all the nodes of the objects
that I want to continue animating
and, by moving them, I see
where the keyframes are generated
because if not, we have
a list of unnamed Paths.
By doing this, we can
detect what the keyframes are
We need to keep cheering.
Finally I will give a
little bounce to the head.
Care must be taken that it does not
appear that objects are expanding.
Here the neck seemed
to be getting longer.
With that, I think we
can end this first stage.
As I mentioned at the
beginning, we can add an adjustment layer
Have a Posterize Time and
see how it looks at twelve.
I quite like the effect that
is generated and, in this case,
It is showing us just all the
keyframes that are important.
Sometimes, for example,
maybe just this contact keyframe
He's not showing it
because he skips it
so let's adjust the
Rate and animate it,
so that in the
fastest moment of action,
let's have 24
keyframes and then back to 12.
The times need to be adjusted.
So we have our first
scene practically ready.
We already took our first steps
and now we can
continue with the next scene.